This game consists of moving your particle throughout the table and arriving to the end box with the maximum of points.
Every time you move from box to box you are passing through a potential barrier and quantum tunneling takes place. 
When quantum tunneling takes place, there are some probabilities for the particle to have passed the barrier, and some probabilities that it has not.
This game allows you to change the initial conditions from your wave function and the potential barrier parameters in order to have some control among the probabilities to have passed.
When you want to cross a barrier, the game will give you a target probability to pass, and by changing some parameters you need to achieve this probability.
When initial conditions are changed, the game uses the WKB prediction which calculates the probability of crossing the barrier using the initial conditions. 
During the evolution of the wave crossing the barrier, the probability for the wave of having crossed the barrier is shown every short periods of time.
The closer you get to the given target probability, the more points you will be given.
Be careful, because every time you cross a barrier only a part of your particle passes to the next box, and it is proportional to the target probability in the box. The white/grey circles in the table give you an intuition about the target probability in that box.
HOW TO PLAY
Red particle will start. The red player has to choose where to move and click the corresponding arrow. 
After that, the player will be allowed to change the initial conditions of the wave function.
After that, when the player considers they are close enough to the target probability, they can start the evolution.
While the evolution of the wave is taking place, the player will be allowed to change the parameters of the barrier.
Evolution can be stopped whenever the player wants
When the evolution is stopped a score according to the error commited is given to the red particle. The lower the error the higher the score.
At the same time, the turn is given to the blue particle.

